hey how's it gone Dave 2d here this is
the newly updated gigabyte arrow 15 X so
it's running the six core 8750 h
combined with a 1070 max q from Nvidia
and it's a very powerful thin and light
gaming laptop that's also really good
for creative work so the design of this
thing hasn't changed at all from the 15
X from last year or even the regular
arrow 15 it's got this very industrial
look like the lines are sharper and more
angular than some of the more modern
looking laptops but yeah I like the
design the build quality of this thing
has always been above average it's not
like an XPS 15 or MacBook but compared
to a lot of other aluminum paneled
laptops this one feels good it's mostly
aluminum there are some plastic
components like the trim around the edge
which makes it look and feel a little
bit less premium but the overall build
quality is good the screen Flex is
minimal and same with the Body paneling
it's just a very rigid feeling laptop it
has the same width and length as the
previous generation but it's actually a
little bit thinner it's now an eighteen
point nine millimeter thick laptop and
they've done it by actually reducing the
thickness of the screen they're using a
new panel it's thinner it's lighter and
it's a hundred and forty-four Hertz it's
a really excellent display it's bright
its color accurate is just a really good
screen now one of the issues I had with
the Aero 15 X from a few months ago was
that they're repairing a gtx 1070 max-q
with a 60 Hertz screen it just it didn't
make sense to me it was like you're
wasting the potential of that card
because you're capped at 60 frames per
second
144 Hertz on these new panels it makes a
world of a difference gameplay is very
fluid but even if you're not a gamer
having your Windows desktop at a higher
frame rate looks awesome just seeing
your mouse cursor move around really
smooth at 144 Hertz look so much better
than 60 now this panel does not have G
sync and I've said this before in
previous videos but I don't think it's
that important like G sync is really
useful at lower frame rates at like 40
to 60 frames per second but once you go
above that I just for me personally I
don't think it's that important I will
say this if you're a Macbook user or
like a macbook pro user and you're
interested in converting over to this
laptop because it is like something
that's geared towards creatives this
screen is not as bright as a macbook pro
screens it's more color accurate and I
think it's a better screen overall but
MacBook
incredibly bright this one is like it's
bright for a Windows laptop screen but
it's not as bright as a MacBook Pro
screen ok let's take a look at the ports
it's got DisplayPort 1.4 HDMI 2.0 a
bunch of USB and it's got Thunderbolt 3
and an Ethernet port but the most unique
port on this thing is the inclusion of
an SD card slot that supports UHS 2
speeds so if you're a content creator
and you use SD cards you can offload UHS
2 cards super fast like 250 or 300
megabytes per second it's crazy fast for
an SD card slot the inside is really
easy to get into just a bunch of screws
back panel removes right off and inside
you get access to 2 RAM slots 2 nvme
drives and the Wi-Fi card the RAM that
they include is actually super fast and
it's 16 gigs on one stick so if you want
to upgrade this thing up to 32 gigs of
ram it's more economical like a lot of
companies will stick to sticks of eight
and then you have to basically toss both
of them before an upgraded up to 32 so
this has one sick of 16 gigs the bad
thing is that you're now running single
channel memory and I don't think that's
a big deal outside of like the memory
benchmarks but that's up to you the
battery down here is big the arrow 15 X
always has a big battery this is 94 watt
hours really close to that legal limit
for flights and we're getting around
seven and a half hours of battery life
for the screen at 215 it's now
performance on this laptop is going to
be very good 6 core CPU it's a beast now
I'll link a video down in the
description if you want to see more
details but the 8750 H is a really
impressive chip for multi-core stuff
it's just so much faster than the
previous generation there's a bit of an
improvement in gaming performance
because of the CPU but the GPU does most
of the work it's a gtx 1070 max-q really
strong performer and most triple-a
titles run extremely smooth on this
laptop and that 144 hertz screen looks
awesome the thermal performance is great
there's no throttling in games and even
in benchmarks were getting slightly
better temperatures than some of its
competitors and because the temperatures
are good while running strong hardware
this is an excellent device for content
creation the last three videos of
published on YouTube we're done on this
laptop it's just a really nice device
for powerful really color accurate
screen and I was using the 1080p screen
like I didn't really need 4k there is an
option for it but you know color
accuracy is more important than
resolution for what I do now the fan
noise on this laptop is okay so unload
its very acceptable it's not super loud
or anything but I don't like the
that when it's on idle like you're not
doing anything there's still a little
bit of fan noise it's not loud it's
actually barely audible but there are
competitor products that have the same
kind of performance that just have
completely silent fans when it's idling
and this one doesn't so it kind of bugs
me like if I was doing this video and
this thing was on this microphone would
pick up the fan noise very subtly but it
would be there alright so I've focused
on a bunch of stuff that I like about
this laptop and I'm going to talk about
some things that I don't like one of the
weaker things about this thing are its
speakers it's located on the bottom like
a lot of the thin and light gaming
laptops are but I just don't feel like
it's as loud as it could or should be
another thing I don't love is the
keyboard and this is not a huge
complaint it's pretty minor but I'm just
gonna put it out there the layout is
fine there's nothing I dislike about the
layout but there's something about the
keys that are just somehow squished
together it actually took me quite a
while to get used to typing on this
thing so I've had this device for almost
three weeks at this point and it was
only like week two that actually got
comfortable typing on it and it might be
the keystroke itself it just takes a
little bit more pressure than regular to
activate the switch the trackpad is also
not my favorite it's running eland
drivers and it's not the drivers like
the gestures are okay but the tracking
feels a little off to me and I'm getting
this occasional bug where the cursor
stops moving for a split second I'm sure
they can fix it with software and I'm
sure they will fix it with software but
it's just something that kind of annoyed
me during this review process the webcam
is also located at the bottom of the
screen and this is something what you
get with really thin bezel screens like
this it's a beautiful-looking screen but
that camera angle is just not for me I
don't use the webcam that often so it
doesn't bother me but I feel like some
of you guys are big on web conferencing
and just having a good camera angle this
won't give you that but yeah overall
really good laptop I mean I feel like I
had to nitpick on this device again it's
one of those like really good devices
what separates this from its main
competitor the MSI G is 65 and I called
the main competitor because it kind of
came out at the same time and they're
just like similarly specs and well I
think we need to charge do we have a
chart here's a chart okay the arrow has
a better build I think that they both
are well-built but the arrow feels more
sturdy it has better thermals it's
easier to access with a bigger battery
and has better color accuracy despite
that smaller color gamut
more ports and there's an option for 4k
panel the msi has what I would consider
to have a slightly easier keyboard to
get used to not that it's like a bad
keyboard on the arrow but this is an
easier keyboard to get used to I also
like the design of the MSI just looks
more modern to me
it also has better speakers and the
webcam position is little bit better but
overall the big difference is seriously
the price tag this is $200 cheaper than
the arrow which is like 10 12 percent
cheaper so it depends on what you need
or what your budget is but I feel like
both of them are appropriately priced
personally I feel like the arrow is just
a better product overall you're paying a
significant amount more but it's just
like it's just got more stuff going for
it if you're a content creator I would
probably go for the arrow I feel like
it's geared towards professionals a bit
more especially with that SD card slot
but it doesn't matter what you do if
you're a gamer a streamer content
creator this is a kick-ass laptop for
any of that stuff okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs we loved it see you guys next time